Hackathon 3 (#888)
percona/pmm: docs/architecture.md

# Architecture

## pmm-admin - server communication workflow.

> `pmm-admin` is a command line utility used to send commands to the pmm-server in order to execute actions on clients. Those actions could be to configure the client itself, add or remove monitored instances, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pmm-admin` is a command line utility that wraps a number of configuration and inventory endpoints of PMM Server. It it mostly used to configure the client itself, add or remove monitored instances, etc. 
```

The communication flow is:
1. pmm-admin gets PMM server URL from the local pmm-agent. 
2. pmm-admin translates the command into a PMM server message and sends it to the server (pmm-managed API).
3. pmm-managed process the command and sends the response back to pmm-admin.
4. pmm-admin intructs the pmm-agent to run an action based on the PMM server response.

### Communication flow diagram.

> ![communication flow diagram](images/flow.png)

Reviewer: The diagram can we made better. For example, the `get PMM server address from the local agent` is a double-sided arrow right now, but it embeds three separate steps, so IMO it'd better be converted to three arrows.

Another issue is that `Tell pmm-agent to execute the action...` also lacks a response the agent. Than can be added too.
